
Thank you for the call where I could clarify the request in detail. 

As discussed, the reason for this request is because individuals have been getting confused as to which form to complete to join CAS or CANN. For example, those intending to join CANN were mistakenly completing the CAS registration form.

Also, through a discussion with Nowell and Jan it was decided that individuals can be just a CAS member, however anyone that joins CANN will also be a CAS member. So there are two groups: a CAS member or a CAS & CANN member. 

For combining the form, I recommend the following: 
Use the CAS form as the base and combine the CANN form with it.
CAS form question 1 remains the same.
Add in a question, so question 2 now becomes: "I would like to become a member of the Canadian Amyloidosis Nursing Network (CANN)." 
Then include questions 2 through 8 from the current CAS form. For the questions about Discipline (question 4), add another section in brackets: (Include nursing designation/role if also registering for CANN.)
 After the current question 8 from the CAS form, add the questions from the CANN form starting with "In my nursing practice, I primarily case for patients with the following type of amyloidosis" and include all of the rest of the questions currently on the CANN form. However, leave out "Centre or Clinic Name/Institution" as that is already on the CAS form. 
Note: On the form, the CANN specific questions should only appear if the answer to the new question 2 is "yes". If they answer "no", then they only complete the CAS related questions. 
The Title of the registration form should now be "CAS and CANN Registration Form". 
(As a side note, please replace "Center" with "Centre". "Centre" is how it is spelt in Canada.)

To summarize, keeping the CAS form as is, insert the question about wanting to join CANN as the new question 2. Then insert all CANN specific questions at the bottom of the CAS form - starting after the current question 8 (new question 9). Also, remove any duplicate questions, as indicated above. 

The new combined form, will replace all current forms on the CAS website. There will only be one universal form located on the website. 

As mentioned, the expected turn-around on this is quick. If you are able to complete this by tomorrow evening, that would be awesome! 

Please let me know if you have any questions or require further clarification. 