Good morning Nital,

Thank you again for the time spent yesterday with Jeff to problem solve the CRM single source of truth.

As discussed, there are 4 input sources that should ultimately make up the single source of truth (true membership list) in the CRM:

English  Microsoft Excel membership list (CAS members who registered using the original Microsoft form, predating CAS website launch)
French Microsoft Excel membership list (CAS members who registered using the original Microsoft form, predating CAS website launch)
PANN Microsoft Excel membership list (PANN members who were grandfathered into CANN in September 2025)
Member registrations obtained via the CAS website (for both CAS and CANN) - stored initially in the Team Pumpkin database and then transferred to the CRM

As promised, attached are the French and English Excel spreadsheets (#1 and #2 input sources above). 

Commensurate with the plan to 'clear' the CRM and re-engage the exercise to populate with an accurate list of members, the French and English Excel spreadsheets can be fed into the CRM.  As Jeff suggested, let's begin with one spreadsheet at a time (perhaps the English?) and once all details are validated in the CRM as accurate, we can move on to the next spreadsheet (French) and so on until all four input sources are fully visible and accurate (validated) in the CRM.

A friendly reminder that ALL data fields in the Excel spreadsheets should be transferred and fully visible in the CRM (including date/time stamp of the registration).

I will hold off on sharing the PANN Excel spreadsheet (input source #3 above) as some of the PANN members who were grandfathered in also registered via the CAS website, so I will remove these from the spreadsheet to avoid duplicates in the CRM.

Lastly, when Jeff and I met yesterday afternoon to review the CRM, we submitted a test registration via the CAS website that did not poplutate the CRM, nor did I receive a notification email via the CAS or CANN inbox (this used to be the process).  We are wondering:

if there is a delay from the time members submit a registration form (data popluates to the Team Pumpkin database) and the time that membership is transferred to the CRM?  If so, what is this delay and can it be shortened/immediate?  
why are we no longer receiving notification emails with new member registrations?

Looking forward to resolving the CRM SSOT and thanks again for your help.
Jan 